Disclaimer

This disclaimer ("Disclaimer", "Agreement") is an agreement between Website Operator ("Website Operator", "us", "we" or "our") and you ("User", "you" or "your"). This Disclaimer sets forth the general guidelines, terms and conditions of your use of the hereforu.com website and any of its products or services (collectively, "Website" or "Services").

Representation

Any views or opinions represented on the Website belong solely to the Content creators and do not represent those of people, institutions or organizations that Website Operator or creators may or may not be associated with in professional or personal capacity, unless explicitly stated. Any views or opinions are not intended to malign any religion, ethnic group, club, organization, company, or individual.

Content and postings

You may print a copy of any part of this Website for your personal or non-commercial use.

You may submit comments for the available Content on the Website. By uploading or otherwise making available any information to Website Operator, you grant Website Operator the unlimited, perpetual right to distribute, display, publish, reproduce, reuse and copy the information contained therein. You may not impersonate any other person through the Website. You may not post content that is defamatory, fraudulent, obscene, threatening, invasive of another person's privacy rights or that is otherwise unlawful. You may not post content that infringes on the intellectual property rights of any other person or entity. You may not post any content that includes any computer virus or other code designed to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any computer software or hardware.Indemnification and warranties

Website Operator guarantees the accuracy, reliability and completeness of the information and content on, distributed through or linked, downloaded or accessed from this Website. Information on the Website is for general information purposes only and is not intended to provide any type of professional advice. Please seek professional assistance should you require it. Furthermore, information contained on the Website and any pages linked to and from it are subject to change at any time and without warning.

We reserve the right to modify this Disclaimer relating to the Website, products or services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Disclaimer on the Website. When we do we will post a notification on the main page of our Website. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. Policy was created with https://www.WebsitePolicies.com

Acceptance of this disclaimer

You acknowledge that you have read this Disclaimer and agree to all its terms and conditions. By accessing the Website you agree to be bound by this Disclaimer. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Disclaimer, you are not authorized to use or access the Website.

Contacting us

If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Disclaimer or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to it, you may send an email to redzilla31@gmail.com

This document was last updated on July 6, 2020